# ProjectGutenbergLibrary
In this paper, I will be specifying the key parts that I am proposing for my project. With this project, I would be creating a mobile application for an interactive library interface by using the free website Project Gutenberg as a database. I specifically chose this website because they do not have a designated application for their website as it is accessible for mobile-device view and e-reader view with accompanying downloadable PDF files. This would be an example of a database GUI.
I will create script that reads the website and lists the books in the application. The book will be downloaded from the website and saved locally on the device. The app will then present the book in an e-reader format, like Amazon Kindle. The app will have multiple views for different devices including computers, tablets, and phones. I’d also like to incorporate accessibility features so that text size can change and read aloud the text, and at a minimum include a dark mode.
When you first launch the app, it will reflect the website homepage where the Newest Releases will always appear on the top shelf. The second shelf will have the Most Popular books. The books lined up on shelves that will scroll horizontally. From there you can filter the shelves by genre or search for a book by name or author. 
I would also like to have a floating navigation bar that, when clicked on, displays the About, Frequently Downloaded, Main Categories, Reading Lists, and Search Options tabs. The About section of the navigation menu has a sub menu with: Contact Us, History & Philosophy, Kindles & eReaders, Help Pages, Offline Catalogs, and Donate. Donate and PayPal buttons will launch a browser to these designated websites. 

